= Webbynode Gem

Available on GitHub and installable from Gemcutter.

== DESCRIPTION:

Automates Rails or Rack application deployment using Webbynode Rapid App Deployment.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* From zero to production with two commands;
* Super easy updates;

== SYNOPSIS:

  $ rails app
  create  
  create  app/controllers
  create  app/helpers
  create  app/models
  (...)

  $ cd myapp
  $ webbynode init 200.120.123.123 myapp.com
  Initializing deployment descriptor for myapp.com...
  Creating .gitignore file...
  Initializing git repository...

  $ webbynode push
  Publishing myapp to Webbynode...
  git@200.120.123.123's password: 
  mkdir: created directory `myapp'
  Counting objects: 62, done.
  Delta compression using up to 2 threads.
  Compressing objects: 100% (53/53), done.
  Writing objects: 100% (62/62), 79.14 KiB, done.
  Total 62 (delta 10), reused 0 (delta 0)
  Checked out master branch
  
  ----------------------------
    Webbynode git deployment 
  ----------------------------
  
  Deploying application myapp as myapp.com...
  Configuring Rails application...
    => Configuring apache vHost...
    => Configuring database...
    => Configuring database.yml...
    => Installing missing gems...
    => Migrating database...
  /var/rails/myapp/.git
  
  Restarting apache...
  
  myapp deployed successfully.
  
  To git@208.88.125.207:myapp
   * [new branch]      master -> master

And that's it, just visit myapp.com (considering DNS is working) and you should have your Rails app displayed.

Then to update:

  $ script/generate scaffold user name:string age:integer password:string
  exists  app/models/
  exists  app/controllers/
  exists  app/helpers/
  create  app/views/users
  exists  app/views/layouts/
  exists  test/functional/
  exists  test/unit/
  create  test/unit/helpers/
  exists  public/stylesheets/
  create  app/views/users/index.html.erb
  (...)  

  $ git add .

  $ git commit -m "Added users"
  [master a607460] Added users
   15 files changed, 334 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
   create mode 100644 app/controllers/users_controller.rb
   create mode 100644 app/helpers/users_helper.rb
   create mode 100644 app/models/user.rb
  (...)

  $ webbynode push
  Publishing myapp to Webbynode...
  git@208.88.125.207's password: 
  Counting objects: 43, done.
  (...)
  Restarting apache...

  myapp deployed successfully.

  To git@208.88.125.207:myapp
     2355220..a607460  master -> master

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Requires, obviously, a Webbynode account
* Webby server deployed with Rapid Deployment option
* Only works for Apache with Passenger (Nginx and Passenger on the works)

== INSTALL:

  sudo gem install webbynode

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 FIXME full name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.